Make the main 3 imputs (buttons and all) more big and bubbly

get the time to actually update on each new entry
  //put it all inside a function?
  //add a live clock at the top of the page
  and get it to grab whatever value was on the clock at
  the time of submission

"Delete" button in case you messed up or the list item is no longer
relevant. it should also delete itself from the database.

Implement the "incomplete" button then add an option to either
keep it in a "complete" portion of the site (like how in skyrim
you can see the completed quests in grey below the uncompleted
quests) or delete the completed items.

implement numbering of duplicates (this is significant because if
i want to place multiple of the same item, and then add something
before or after it, i'll choose which of the duplicates i am
referring to)

if second input contains "before" or "after" but third input
has default, prompt user to make proper selection
unit tests for methods

depending on what's been selected prior, certain options
shouldn't be available
maybe, I can implement a dialogue box that comes up if they
put in an impossible combo of selections
ex: "before" + "default" == instructions on how to use
tab or esc or x to exit dialogue box

what if the third dropdown menu opened automatically?

get the dropdown menu on the third input to alternate the colors
of each list item

i'm printing the row index (something is very
wrong with my row index calculation) of each entry. i need to grab
it as well as see what the count is doing.

automatically reset the other inputs to their defaults after the fact

button for incomplete-complete (store completions in an array?)

android build using android studio (or eclipse)

pebble build using cloud pebble in C

make parts of table clickable (maybe it displays a notepad for
further elaboration on the task?)

push notifications at random times for random incomplete list items

getter methods (functions) to return values of individual cells

login page that redirects to main html for other to use once it's done

figure out how to lock the code so no one can change it unless
they consult me first (and for security reasons)

connect bookmarts "todo" folder to the database so that links to be
revisited are included as todo list items

put an overlay over the html that has cool symbols and whatnot so
it's not just solid color

add a button that opens a dialog box that lets you enter your email
to guage interest in the app expanding or being commercialized or becoming a
mobile or pebble app for everyone to download

login page will be one of those actual pictures but the color balance
will be altered to match the current color scheme

login page includes links to social media and github

when you login, firebase creates a parent above "listItems"
which holds the user id

the login page is actually transluscent and you can see a screen
shot of the main html page right behind it

push email reminders randomly and from random parts of the list
(figure out how to incorporate option to include email in the front end)

cool ui/frontend option to take all items and splay them out in stickynote
format so i can see it in a new way. that's so important. seeing the same
info being delivered in multiple ways
